https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_Zly5tYvI3tWJgEjcq01Uu2NldOmu5tCyAqoyBsc40o/edit?tab=t.0

## **Mistral Hackathon pre-hack meeting Asia edition \- 2026/02/25 16:22 JST \- Transcript**

# **Attendees**

Aadhi Senthilkumar, Abel Chin, Abhishek Moramganti, Adam Lensenmayer, Ahaan Narang, anthony kim, Antoine Nguyen, Anurag Singh, Anusha, Anvarbek Atayev, Arhaan Gupta, arisa murata, asa beko, Bishal Sarker, Brandon Ong, Brian, Bryan Loh, Carlo Quick, Caroline Xia, Chris Yoo, Christoph Burgdorfer, d s, Daiki Arai, Dash Russell, Dawson Huang, Edouard Hakim, Eduardo Schettino, Emmanuel Koutsouklakis, Eva Bravenewart, EYMERIC Chauchat, Fireflies.ai Notetaker Ratori, Florian Kowarsch, Garry Yuan, Harshith Chinni, Haruki Yajima, Haruto Morita, haz, Himanshu Lade, Ho Shao Mun, Hovhannes Antablyan, Huy Dang, Ichwan Haryo (ichone), Ida Immila, Ishman, itmesneha, Jack Wakem, James Li, jason setiadi, Jayce Batallones, jed, jed's Fathom Notetaker, Jodas, Joel Harlander, Joffrey Thomas, Jordan Maquiran, Julien Tocci, Justin Garcia, Karen Andrianaharison, Ken Zee, Kerui Yang, Kien Nguyen, Kitty WANG, Kuan-Hao Chen, Kuluhan Binici, Kwok Zheng Feng, LAI WEI SONG \_, Leonard Lin, Lleyton Tjahjadi, Maanaav, Manojvradan Balaji, Masahiro Yamabata, Mika Siddiqui, Minh Dang, Minh Nhat, minsup lee, Mohamed Shaarik, Natthida Lim, Nicolas, Nidhan Samarasinghe, Nori's AI Notetaker (tldv.io), Not Available, Nuwan Tharaka Perera, Paramesh Gunasekaran, Pranav Ajay, Pranav Pappu, Pratham Soni, Quang Minh Phan, rachel, Rahul, Ramil Srivastava, Ramon Gutierrez, ratori, read.ai meeting notes, Richard, Rio Iida, Riya Malik, Rongrong Zhang, Rushil Petrus, rusk, Ryan Hay, Sanyam Jain, Satwik Arawalli, Shashank Singhal, Shashwat Pasari, Shimpei Kawakami, Shyam Sundhar, Simon Lorenzo, Sourabh Das, Sreekar Reddy, Srini Nandakumar, Stephen. S. H. (ステパノ), Super\_SSG, swajay nandanwade, SWATHIKA K, Takemichi Seki, Takemichi's Circleback, Tan Tk, Tanmay, Tanwyhang, Tomas Dowd, Tuan Nguyen, Umang Gupta, Vansh Dahiya, VARUN PRASAD GOPISETTI, Vihaan Motwani, Volodymyr IER, Yoan Di Cosmo, Yousuke Masuda, Yusuke Miyashita, Yuta Hayashi, Yuuta Sakai, Yuya Yamamoto, しょうへい, トゥムルバートルムングー, ぴか, 園田康記, 坂本さとる, 小川大地, 有山清志朗, 藤本, 金森星快, 黄勇太

# **Transcript**

Joffrey Thomas: Then let's get started. So nice to meet you everyone. My name is Joffrey. I'm a developer relation engineer from MAI. I normally work from Paris but for this time I will be joining you in Tokyo for this hackathon and I have other colleagues that will cover the other cities. and I'm here to present you globally like the rules and information that you need to know about this hackathon.

Joffrey Thomas: So first of all congratulation if you are in this call it means that you have been headed to this worldwide hackathon mainly in the three cities in Asia because of time difference we had to separate by continent Asia or Oania sorry for Sydney so that everyone can access the same information everyone can have a common understanding of the rules and so So with us are only the builders from Singapore, Tokyo and Sydney with the exception also that Tokyo is going to have another meeting in Japanese happening tomorrow at the French embassy in Tokyo. it's in Minato.

Joffrey Thomas: So, if you're for some reason here a Japanese builder that don't understand English then it's better to come tomorrow. And if you're a Japanese builder that do understand English but still want to come tomorrow, that's totally possible and that's even better because you'll get to meet your fellow builders and so on. You can form a team start talking with each other highly recommend coming to tomorrow event on which you did receive also an email about. Thank you so much for your enthusiasm.

Rongrong Zhang: It's me.

Joffrey Thomas: Globally we had 5,000 applicants in all the cities and online. we do view that we are a European company.

Joffrey Thomas: We had 1,700 applicants only in Paris. So this city was super competitive to get in. we have 100 actors per location. So this is the bar that We accepted roughly 100 person in each location. So you'll see 100 actors in Tokyo, and 100 actors in Singapore during this weekend. We are so we are accepting teams of one to four people and all the invitation have been sent considering the competitiveness of this hackathon and the number of replication it was more than humanly possible to process.

Joffrey Thomas: I got my LinkedIn account banned multiple times because it thought I was a bot by go just going over multiple LinkedIn profiles over and over again. so we did rely on some scripts a little bit to select actors and in this sense we did try to had the full teams whenever relevant. but it may be possible that not all your members of the team are added. This is a choice. we had to do a mixture of teams and individual talents. So if you plan on done attending, I would like if you could update your Luma status so we can offer your place to someone else that wish to join.

Joffrey Thomas: I'm just going to do a quick pause and admit the few guests that joined since the beginning. Okay, but for the one that just joined I already started the presentation but you'll see information about it as a recording. So normally we are at capacity. So as I said if you do plan to join us please update your status. The goal of this hackathon basically is to celebrate our latest open models and by that I mean mainly the three that you see on screen.

Joffrey Thomas: So if you are applying I guess you're familiar with the ML family but we did release a few opensource model lately the minerals and m large in December and vauol it was actually released before but it received an update right now in January and so those are the open models that we would like you to build with it. You don't have to use only those models but the idea of this hackathon was to celebrate those model. So the minerals are open model on the 3B 8B and 14B range.

### 00:05:00

Joffrey Thomas: So there all of them present on hugging face and mis large three is a much bigger model that you can use through the API or even to any other provider as it's also an open source model. So one is very efficient and very small and the other is very big but very qualitative. The last one is vaual mini is actually a model for speech to text. So if you don't know what speech to text is is you have an audio and you can basically transcribe audio into your text so that you can process it with an LLM or any other kind of input.

Joffrey Thomas: I have multiple demos. maybe after the bulk of information if relevant I can show some demos around those models. I'd like to thank all our sponsors. we have Yuya here from wait andis but we have other sponsors present all around the world. Some of them are present everywhere. Some of them are present in some cities only. and this hackathon is organized by the iterate company. So basically I would like to express my thanks to all of our sponsors. Some are track sponsors, some are special prize sponsors.

Joffrey Thomas: the difference might not be clear for all of you. So hoping that you'll clear what's the differences at the end of this presentation. And some of them are only providing us with their venues. For instance, the Tokyo edition of this hackathon is happening at the Google startup and the Singapore one is happening at enter and the Sydney one is happening at UN USW the university and so we are thanking them for hosting us for this weekend.

Joffrey Thomas: little detail. so Singapore the hack is going to happen at the enter office. this is the address. We will send a mail with more information because there's be more information later in the presentation that you'll need to take action with. so this is a mail that we'll send to all participants in the city. So Singapore is happening at Google Tokyo one sorry is happening at the Google for startup office.

Joffrey Thomas: It's in Shibuya stream floor and the Sydney one is happening in Sydney. Important points for timeline. we will open the doors on Saturday at 9:00 a.m. you will have a little bit of time to enjoy breakfast, talk with others. form a team, maybe a late team if you haven't done so already. and we will start with a very short briefing on the Saturday 10:00 a.m. because actually the idea of having this presentation a little bit prior to the hack is to give you ideas and information so that you can start experimenting.

Joffrey Thomas: you can start already being enabled with the partner technologies and so that when you arrive on Saturday you actually know what you're going to build what tools you're going to use and you are ready basically to start building on Sunday we will have the judging this is roughly around 400 p.m. as hackathon are always a little bit chaotic, especially around judging. so we are we looking at 400 pm and having the closing at 6:30 local time, but this is the main points that you need to know. and we will share a more detailed calendar. but this is roughly what we are talking about.

### 00:10:00

Joffrey Thomas: So there's two tracks in Asia. One is finetuning and sponsored by wet and basis and so you can finetune a model and achieve extraordinary results that will not be possible with zero shot basically with the models that is not in all the track we require you to use mis models. that being said in the finetuning track even if you need some other models that are not available let's say you need a captioning model you need a segmentation model you need things like that you can use model outside of the new catalog for instance just last week they were an open hackathon they did a fantastic job at fine-tuning small models on

Joffrey Thomas: just game play of video game on YouTube and spinning it into an agent and then that agent could just based on a few minutes of game play on YouTube play any games. so that's a fantastic use of fine tuning. This is a fantastic use of a hackathon project and this is basically do whatever you want as long as you fine tune the model. And the second one is API kind of anything goes. there's no restriction. you just have to create the best project using models. But here you're probably wondering why would I go into fine-tuning if I can just go into a API and create the best project.

Joffrey Thomas: Basically, we will award some special points there's going to be maximum of bonus points out of 20 for fine tuning. Exactly. So there's a benefit actually to go into the fine tuning and there's things that you would not be able to achieve in any case without punching. So we are aiming toward half and half half of the participants doing fine tuning half of the participant doing API but the quota can change slightly we will ask you to disclose in which track you want to participate in maybe a little pause right now I'm seeing that three people are trying to join

Joffrey Thomas: All right, Let me start over. so those are the tracks. So, you will be required to compete in a track either fine tuning and have that bonus or API and don't have a bonus. And basically you'll be in any of those to encourage you. So those are tracks to encourage you. There's also another concept called special prizes are kind of an making you want to use a certain technology without it being mandatory basically.

Joffrey Thomas: So we do provide a best use of mal vibe special price it will be in the form of custom Apple Airpod and will be available for everyone around the world. maybe a special mention. Those special prize are not limited only to your city. Meaning the winner of the best use of missile vibe is going to be awarded between online Paris, San Francisco, New York, London, Singapore, Tokyo, and there's only going to be one winner of that. there's only going to be one winner of the special prize from Wen Gazis, and there's only going to be one winner of the T11 Labs special prize.

Joffrey Thomas: that those are incitation to compete on a special challenge in build with a certain technology and so on. So if you use our missile vibe, you can win a custom Aird. If you use workflow from weight and viais, they will give you some credits plus a Mac Mini. And what they mean by that is they want you to improve basically. Maybe Yuya, you can help me on that. and add more information.

Joffrey Thomas: but it's about having information like using the weight and MCP server to run workflows and running jobs and having an improvement over training from day zero to the end of the 11 labs is awarding some teams for the best use of voicei. This is very broad. it can be combination of speech to text with vauil and then text to speech with 11 lab technologies.

### 00:15:00

Joffrey Thomas: basically the best usage of any of their model and for that they are awarding six months of 11 lab scout tier which is honestly a lot to each of the participant of the team basically of the winning team and hugging face is offering a rich mini to the one that best use their jobs feature or the TRL library so there's

Joffrey Thomas: you're already seeing how to say some harmony between tracks and special price for instance it's very easy to fine tune a model by using the workflow by using vibe it's very easy to fine tune a model using TRL you can do an API model that use vaule and then use 11 labs as a GTS and the last one that I wanted to share for Asia is the best use of AI inside video games. So this is sponsored by Supercell is a company that does mobile video game mainly.

Joffrey Thomas: And so we will give the winner of that category a custom game color plus a supercell trophy and then they will be shortlisted to be allowed to participate into their Supercell AI innovation lab which is a program in which they basically take you in inside a choice of CDs between Oko, Elsinki if I'm not wrong and you spend a few weeks there and at the end of the few weeks they are able to publish your game with the Supercell brand which is actually super awesome. all good.

Joffrey Thomas: Let me just check if there's maybe any question and any people joining. Yes. So this is what I covered. basically all invitation have been sent already. we could not accommodate all preform teams request of having team members and especially even sometimes people were filling in team members but those team members did not like register. So it was a bit hard to juggle with everything but now all invitation have been sent.

Joffrey Thomas: it's not impossible that some very late submission an application might be approved but overall this is a smaller detail and it could not happen that much. So if someone drops for instance, we will replace him and offer that place to someone else. but we will not send mass new massive waves of approval for on-site presence. That being said, every person that is declined in person CD is welcome to participate and join the online rank to which we will have other waves of approvals.

Joffrey Thomas: So the format a little bit each hackathon is super independent in the sense that we will in each CD award a first place winner, second place winner and a third place winner. So even if you decide that you want to participate in the track and you decide that you want to compete in a different special prize. Those are only to guide you toward a choice of technology and a choice of projects that you may want to build. But each CD regardless of tracks and regardless of special prize will have a podium composed of a second place, and third Meaning there's going to be a second place in Tokyo, and the first place in Tokyo which with the corresponding cash prizes.

### 00:20:00

Joffrey Thomas: So there's cash prizes, there's dual credits, and there's also other swags and surprise that we are bringing to on site for all the winner in this format we take the first place of every city and make them compete online. you may have seen it or maybe not but basically with all the hackathon being independent as they are like having a third place, we need in the end a global winner.

Joffrey Thomas: And the global winner is decided by taking the first place team from Singapore, the first place team from Paris, the first place team from Tokyo, the first place team from Sydney, the first place team from online, the first place team from London, the first place team from San Francisco, and the first place team from New York and making them compete online during a YouTube live which will happen on our channel on the 9th of March. So we have eight teams but we don't feel it's super fair this way. So we decided to add a couple more teams to the final format. So we will also had a choice of one public vote winner. So we will have a voting system in each city and globally.

Joffrey Thomas: And so the project which will have the most likes globally meaning that there's external recognition that it's a great idea and that it should have been awarded. We'll actually go to the finals and we will get the deadline on Friday, March 6 at 12:00 a.m. Paris time so that we can actually notify them. they have a time to prepare their finalist presentation and so on. Also, we reserve ourselves the choice of selecting up to three wild card projects. project that we think didn't get the recognition they should have gotten And so those are on the same deadline.

Joffrey Thomas: we will notify those wild cap project on Friday March at the same time as the public votes. for instance it might be a second place in a city might be a project that hasn't win that hasn't won anything but just something that the sponsors think is super cool and should have gotten more recognition. So the finals will be happening directly live on our YouTube channel in the end of afternoon Paris time. So the only for you Asian builders it's going to be the night for you and so those local winners will be allowed to record their talk the day before with us live.

Joffrey Thomas: There's no multiple take. it's only one short presentation so that it's fair for the others that are going to live so that you don't have to present during the night. You will be able to record your talk and basically we will showcase that to the public and the a small note. So you're going to have local judges that are going to decide who wins your city. and basically what the podiums look like. and there's also final judges. so for instance on our side is going to be our VP of science PTO which is going to be the final judge. We have the maintainer of the transmiss library from hugging face. We have Alex Vulkar from Wait and Gazis. we have many great names and more to come and more to be announced.

Joffrey Thomas: But this is a super technical and super impressive journey in front of which you will pitch your final ideas basically and decide who gets the crown and the big prize of $10,000. Maybe a little bit on preparation and then I can let the stage to sponsors to present their tools. there's a discord we will send a mail basically to all the location independently but you will have access to a link that will allow you to directly get into the discord and have the hackathon role.

Joffrey Thomas: What that means is you will end up on your location page and if you react to a certain emoticon if you do certain reaction on these posts, you will then get access to certain channels that are only for your location and you will also have the global discord channels for announce announcements for just talking about it gaining

### 00:25:00

Joffrey Thomas: information So there's a channel for global notification and also a channel per city. it's very active. I can show you. so I encourage you to go there and Secondly, we will have a hackathon platform. I will make you a little bit of a tour of it as a preview. We will send you a link. you will have an individual link. Same thing when you click on it, you are automatically added with a The role being the one hackers from your CD because this is actually a global hackathon that has multiple CD. Maybe I can showcase a little bit the platform. Yeah.

Joffrey Thomas: So your registration will only be finalized whenever you will be registered on the platform. you will be to see the rules. You will be able to see the mentors and project at the moment is none. we send the link to no one. the project will be here with most liked and so on.

Joffrey Thomas: you will have access to all the pictures about the event which is another thing basically we will upload the photos from the photographers and videographers that will be in each of the location and this is where you will have access to some resources like information about hackathon forming a team creating a submission and seeing your deadline actually on the hackathon and access to some resources. So here I cannot do it because I have an admin role. But if you do claim API key, what you will receive is not an API key. You will receive actually coon. and to claim that coupon, you will receive $15 of usage on missual models that you can use throughout this hackathon so that you build in anistic manner.

Joffrey Thomas: If it's not enough, you can always ping us on Discord and we can give you another one. to retrieve it, you will need to go to mmiss.ai.home. You can go into your admin settings. You can go into billing and here you have to fill up billing information. This is a little bit of a restriction on our side. And then you can click redeem. And this is where you can input the redeem code. And it will show as a positive credit balance that will be used instead of any other payment information that you have to. If you want to be extra safe, you can always do a spending limits of exactly the amount of credit that you just got.

Joffrey Thomas: One also thing you will need to go afterward on AI studio and make sure that you are registered on the scale plan. because otherwise you would be The free tier has limitation meaning that you would get rate limited pretty easily even if you have credits. So scale plan allow a pair per use and seeing pricing. so with credits and setting up a limit, you should be pretty free to build very nonrestricted. Maybe I can show you the previous hackathon that the organizer did last week in New York. it will look like that.

Joffrey Thomas: your submission, you can have a voting system and you will basically see the information you access to GitHub and we will ask you to fill in that kind of pages for doing this hackathon. and again I have access to multiple pages like Paris Tokyo City versus New York online but you will have access only to the one that you are registered on top of the platform we will also ask you to register to the hugging face organization that we created. So we have a direct

### 00:30:00

Joffrey Thomas: invitation link that allow you to directly access that organization without the need for any approval. Why do we do we give you access to hugging face or it's because hugging face is giving credits to everyone that is going to be on this so we haven't really nailed the deadline yet. I think we are looking at in is time. Saturday morning for you Indonesia. but you have to make sure that you will be on this work before the start of the hypathon in order to receive $20 credit from hugging face to use everything in their ecosystem.

Joffrey Thomas: So we'll send also the link in the mail. that is for your city. U just checking and there's one person trying to join. a little bit of personal advice.

Joffrey Thomas: I know hackathons are complete. some advice please scope your project correctly. it's easy to go overboard. You can cut down feature if needed in your project. there's no need to be too ambitious. I would like one advice I would give is don't try to be too technically impressive. Usually it's not the project that ends up winning. it's not the technical demonstration. It's not a job interview. you don't have to showcase that complicated stuff.

Joffrey Thomas: You just have to build a project on which you would end up if you'd ever come across your project on social medias you would be like this project is super cool and this is the kind of idea that you should aim for and most importantly have fun. I think we had one question maybe. I heard a ification. Some project inspiration. as I said the one that won the Open Hackathon two weeks ago is a super good one.

Joffrey Thomas: And this is why I also encourage and wanted to actually have a video game category sponsored by Sudell. this is a little bit of a personal story but I got into Mistl by winning their first hackathon. and before working for Mistl I was working at hugging face and I also got into hugging face by participating and ended up second in their hackathon and in both project I did a video game because that's the kind of project where you have that's so cool kind of feeling don't force you to make video games obviously but aim for something that you would think this is

Joffrey Thomas: This is super cool. If you ever came across it on social medias to tell you about the ideas that made me win for hugging face, I did a video game like a rog in which the level is generally prosperated general prosperation, and the elements inside the dungeon are placed from an LLM function calling. And so it was at the time super cool and revolutionary because it was two weeks after we release a function called from GPT40. And so one advice is what new feature new technique did I see in LLM that I could apply for games. So that was my thought process at the time.

Joffrey Thomas: function coding was just out and I was wondering what can it add to video game and add a little bit of customization so this is where I allowed an NLM to place objects in a dungeon to create endless story and everchanging story that's why the code was the game was called everchanging quests the second one that made me win the hackathon was actually a game of werewolf so it's a mafia game in which I initiated some villagers and some humans playing the same game of werewolf. So the game was going as intended. So there were werewolf and there were villagers and you have to find out who in the village is a werewolf and the werewolf have to eliminate the villagers.

### 00:35:00

Joffrey Thomas: that they were not a challenge is at the end of the game whenever you were eliminated you could vote for who inside the game was an LLM and who was a human and it could serve as a benchmark toward human impersonation process. So that's kind of idea that I showed. maybe if you're ready to share Yuya I can let you the stage for showcasing W and Gazis.

Yuya Yamamoto: Yeah, thank you for introduction. can I share my screen? Yeah, before starting my session, I shared my notion page which shows our local content and however my name is July from W University team and welcome to the M worldwide hackathon.

Yuya Yamamoto: I'm really happy to support you in this event. We advised have staff on the ground Paris, London and San Francisco our headquarter and here in Tokyo and of course we also support you online. Now the partner we are sponsoring a specific track puning track and bring a special prizes. Let me show you our resources on the notion page here. Yeah. Yeah. Your goal is to take Mr.

Yuya Yamamoto: any MR model is okay like minister or boxar or mister and what is expected to do is fine tune them you can use any tools you like such as answ transformers and mister or even m api is okay to use we also have buin training mod tools it's called 1b training or gpo reinforcement learning and sf FD the most important role here is to use weight and advice because this is a session track sponsored by us with devices. So you're expected to use our product with devices. Okay. So please show us how you track loss performance and evaluation.

Yuya Yamamoto: fine tuning is still very powerful today especially for model driation or specific tasks. yeah and this is end to end points we will judge your project based on technical quality data preparation and evaluation and to win this session you should use two main tools. Yeah, because it's sponsored by us. One Was models for training your models and the other one is wab weave for building agent and evaluating them. we give high points for the end to end process.

Yuya Yamamoto: That means if you use both of our product you will get additional points and yeah you will get bigger point and yeah this means for example you fine tune the model first with models and then build an agent using wet device we please save your models at w artifact and log them to hugging

Yuya Yamamoto: And finally, please create a wise report if possible to share your result. This helps us check your work easily. So technical quality is really important. What is expected to do is use both of the product. It's okay to use only one product but if you use both of products you will get additional point. So if you want to get winning point please use both of our product and of course Mr.

### 00:40:00

Yuya Yamamoto: models and yeah also we highly encourage you to use wet bases even for other tracks including missile agent track and individ it is very easy to evaluate audio and image and video data for example if you use a pixel showing evaluation

Yuya Yamamoto: on weave will be a great presentation. I will show you sample project here. The wet bases we supports v kind of medias including video image. And even video. this is not the one. Yeah, B is fighting dragon. Maybe he may think that why B is fighting dragon.

Yuya Yamamoto: B is unofficial mascot weight and biases because weight and biases it's one B and B is B. Okay. And next slide. And yeah, also we have many challenge. The price is $500 US in quib credit because we acquired by quibb and we are part of quib qu. So we offer $500 US dollar credit for quibb and the makin. Yeah.

Yuya Yamamoto: it applies not for everyone right there was a question in the chat session section that even it's for winner okay so if you want to get mac please win the track okay find your model and the creator engine use both product and you may be able to get mi And this prize goes to the team with the best selfimproving workflow. Yeah, we want to see you you for example use coding agent like Mr. Vibe and to access Wabas automatically using Wabi's MSG server and that way you may be able to improve the agent automatically.

Yuya Yamamoto: So automatically improving agent or something is expected in this mini challenge. If your agent can automatically improve prompt fine-tuning the model and increase the score some score you can win the ze. Just submit a video or text description of this work. The main track is finetuning. You are expected to use our both model models and we products for mis model fine tuning and mini truck. You expected to create u for example agent which improve itself automatically.

Yuya Yamamoto: And here you can see quick start guide. Yeah, but using weather device is really really easy. So I don't think it's even necessary getting started very simply if you use mix m client or hugging face with already integrated. So what you should do is only inserting one line of code also log to 1B. Okay. You can find a quick start guide guides on our Notion page probably share this page with you somewhere. If not I will share this after this session.

### 00:45:00

Joffrey Thomas: I'll send it in the mail also…

Joffrey Thomas: because there's needs for other page to be shared and also like the hugging office organization, the discord link and so on. So I can include everything.

Yuya Yamamoto: Yeah, thank you.

Yuya Yamamoto: And also it's a session. So I've shared some local contents with an advis book for users. it's written in Japanese and Chinese and the Korean and Chinese is also coming soon. So if you are more comfortable in your local language rather than in English please read it and of course with advice is American company so if it's okay to use English yeah maybe it's already good and lastly I will show you very many demonstration of wab devices using both wab we and models

Yuya Yamamoto: Here I trained an agent to solve a math problem using the GSPOP a kind of reinforcement learning to solve mathematic problem with based models you can track the process of reinforcement learning or other kind of deep learning process here as shown here reward or accuracy

Yuya Yamamoto: or the success rate of for example Python execution. And of course you can track system metrics like GPU and GPU usage and network traffic and storage usage and roll out and training and as for agent side you can see every roll out of the agent execution. For example, in this case, the model import its own library to solve this problem, math problem, and then try to solve the problem.

Yuya Yamamoto: Sometimes they execute Python code. And lastly, it will read the answer in this case. yeah, it improves the agent itself automatically. In this case throughout the roll out when the agent thinks that it is better to add some specific function to its library it will do so that way it will improve itself.

Yuya Yamamoto: So if you are kaggler or competitive programmer you will have your own library and improving it yourself in this agent it do so as you do yeah so that a quick overview to the main track of our finetuning

Yuya Yamamoto: track you expected to fine tune m with models and we wave only models or only we is also okay but please use both of our product and create weather report to share achievement and you will get the reward award and the additional track is miniature All shield many challenge you expected to create something which improve itself automatically serful to create that. Yeah. Thank you. Any questions?

Yuya Yamamoto: Okay.

Joffrey Thomas: Trying to see if any question pops up. So to summarize and maybe to reuse the vocabulary that I first said basically there's a track that is going to be fine-tuning and…

Yuya Yamamoto: Yeah.

Joffrey Thomas: there's a special challenge that is going to be awarding the Mac Mini about improvement.

Joffrey Thomas: I saw some question about what GPU basically do I need in the finetuning track I'm more expecting you to so you have some compute to use from hugging face that you can use to spin up some jobs so you will have access to some GPU but more likely the kind of model that you want to fine tune you will probably not find your Mr. large. So you don't need expensive hardware. The kind of model that are in the range of finetunable easily for compute constraint and for how to say data set constraint because the model you want to fine-tune the more data you will need.

### 00:50:00

Joffrey Thomas: you would most likely want to find your model in the 38B range and not more. if you can stop screen sharing then I can take over. all good.

Yuya Yamamoto: Yeah. …

Yuya Yamamoto: how can I stop the screen share? here.

Joffrey Thomas: Yeah, thanks. Another requirement from the API track I'm seeing o other question like the finuning track can we use API or only open source models fine tuning is about puning open source model so it's open source model to fine-tune there's a reason for that there's also another requirement that we showed you the HF

Joffrey Thomas: F organization, we will need you to upload your adapter or your finetune model on hugging face publicly so that we can see what you've built and we can have also reproducible results. basically and who owns the intellectual property you still own your property of everything you do in the hackathon. It's not ours. We just ask for the right to showcase. It was build basically during and an image right basically. but since if you're in the finetuning track we require open sourcing your model then a lot of people will have access to this model.

Joffrey Thomas: Yeah, the project must be starting during the event. This is a big thing. We don't allow prior work. There's only one difference for the finetuning track. and we will be very very hard on prior work. I don't want people to come with their rock project and just enhance it a little bit over the weekend and call it a hackathon project. This is not what hackathon are used for. no I'm not sharing screen yet. and so no prior work. The only exception I can do is you can start experimenting with every technology that you will see every partner technology and so on.

Joffrey Thomas: If you're planning on participating into the fine-tuning track, we can allow some data set preparation work prior to the event. If you arrive on Saturday and you have your data set ready, this is all right. I mean, this is a hard and long process. if you want to process your data set and arrive and the data is ready, this is all better. so we really urage if you wish to prepare your data sets beforehand all right maybe let's dive into the other products. So basically we will also give you access to Vibe.

Joffrey Thomas: Vibe is our CLI for agent coding which has all the features that you would be expecting from that kind of product. So we have skills, we have piece it's a terminal native it's using our open source model. So at the core of it there's devol which is our agent coding model. There's costl which is our code specialist model and there's costal embed which is our model specialized on code which is used for embedding. So everything is open source. the goal obviously of this kind of product is to be deployable and easily usable by everyone by companies that they own the ownership of the model they own the ownership of the product and so on.

Joffrey Thomas: So need pack makes sense in our vision to create this kind of product. So you will have everything that you need. I'm not such a big fan of vi coding personally. So I encourage you to use it with parsimony be still look at the code please because it can get ahead of them pretty easily especially in the scope of a weekend. So we want you to try agented coding and we will give you the tool to do but please still keep the code under control and so basically whenever you will be generating code with MR vibe they will be auoring made from Mr.

### 00:55:00

Joffrey Thomas: vibe and this is what we will consider as entry for this special price what kind of project did you use did you Mr. Revive to build and what proportion did Mr. Vibe actually build inside your project is what we'll take a look at. So it's a useful for maintaining and modernizing every base. and as we said, you have everything needed. if you need more information, you can just go over the documentation.

Joffrey Thomas: This is like the products page that it showcase probably a lot of the feature that you would be expecting and also maybe getting started some question that may on the features So I encourage you to have a look. We'll send the presentation in any case after this presentation. So you will have free access to this presentation. hugging face is offering a special price for the best use. So they had a small message like hey folks for the rich mini price you need to build the coolest project using a hugging face jobs so with hugging face you will get credits to spin up and kick off fine-tuning jobs.

Joffrey Thomas: So that answers a little bit the problem about resources. if you're looking into finding a 3D, it can fit on your computer. If you're looking at the 8B or the 14B, then you may want to go to the regulate jobs So there's a link to join the organization which I will also send in the mail but you will need to have joined that organization as I said before Saturday morning. So it's Friday evening Paris time so that we can award the $20 credits before that.

Joffrey Thomas: If you don't join before that u end date, you will not be able to be awarded the $20. So make sure you actually join. And also if you're planning on functioning your models, this is where you will need to upload your adapters or whatever. you will need a credit card to be added to your account just like us. But there's this you will not be charged monthly and you can have more information and me and the staff from regaceace sometime will be present on site for some cities but overall we'll also be present in the discussions of the or so and in the discord if you have any question you may want answered they have prepared a small video a video demo that I can

Joffrey Thomas: tell me if you do have the sound. I don't think so. I will have to probably reshare and reshare only that tab for you to have the sound include audio. Okay, all good.

Joffrey Thomas: Hi, I'm Ben from Hugging Face and the talk I'm going to give you today is called building agents and it's about how we're bringing agents to the hub to democratize the hardest problems in AI. It's about agent skills and how you can use those with coding agents to train machine learning models to write CUDA kernels and other kernels and to deploy models and push models to the hugging face In short, the TLDDR of this is that we get an agent to do a hard task. We extract or generate a skill from it. And then we take that skill and give it to another agent, be that a cheaper one or an open source one or an agent running locally. We've noticed recently that everyone is using coding agents. Be that open AI's codeex or mistral vibes.

### 01:00:00

Joffrey Thomas: They've had a watershed moment in the last 6 months or so where respected engineers have said actually these are serious tools that people can and should use daily to perform hard problems and to work on hard engineering problems. At the same time, Anthropic have changed how alternative harnesses to clawed code are able to use their API. So they said that harnesses open code can't use the clawed I. In many ways that's actually supercharged the community and we've seen even more open harnesses and kind of cross-pollination of tools because of that decision which is really cool for us generally. We've learned that open code and mistral vibes are actually excellent coding agents that everyone should go out and try. So what are skills in my opinion?

Joffrey Thomas: The easiest way to understand an agent skill is to say that it takes a zeros task and turns it into a few shot task. I.e. it gives an agent examples of how to perform a specific task which is something that we've constantly been doing and it really just formalizes and structures Another way of saying it is that it is a filebased context. It's a directory containing context. rather than giving the context to the model through a kind of input window and then expecting it to retrieve more information from the repo, it's now given that in a structured directory. The agent can discover the skill based on its name and So let's say the name and description is the hugging face CLI skill.

Joffrey Thomas: If you instruct the model to use the hugging face CLI, let's say push this model to hugging face, it will take that description and use that because it's relevant to its instruction. It will wise, it can choose not to activate the skill if the instruction isn't relevant and therefore save context. And it can also execute elements of the skill for example Python scripts scripts in any coding language as well as snippets within its existing code interpreter. The obvious comparison with skills is agent What's the difference between skills and agents MD?

Joffrey Thomas: And in simple terms, the difference is that the agent chooses to use a certain skill based on the instruction and agents.md are always used within the given project. Because of those differences, there are different ways that we should use skills and agents.md. So I've made this slightly opinionated table of how I'd recommend using the two. So the first example would be rules. Let's say you've got a rule always use types. If you were to put that in a skill, the agent would have to elect to use it and activate it when the skill was relevant to the given instruction that it was working on. And that might not be ideal if you wanted to follow this rule for everything it does on the project. And so putting that rule in the agents would be the best way to go.

Joffrey Thomas: Let's say you've got quite a complex process and you want to give examples. We have a project like this at the moment called community evals on the hub where we extract evaluation scores from readmmes and papers and we put them in leaderboards on benchmark data sets. This involves a number of long processes that we use agents for. And this is an ideal application of skills because we can give examples and detailed instructions about each part of the process and the agent will use those skills based on the part of the process that it's working on. If we were to put this in an agent MD, it would be feasible, but it would be very verbose. And some of our benchmarking that I'll get to later has shown that actually it doesn't access all of that context at the right point in time.

Joffrey Thomas: So you can focus parts of the process on certain parts with relevant skills. Similarly with best practices, you can do the same. You can give best practices for certain skills that the agent needs to do. That said, you can also do that with an agent MD, but they should probably be projectwide best Performance is one of the main advantages of skills. As I said, you're taking a zeroot task and you're making it fshot and we know that improves in performance. So you're giving examples of how to solve a problem and you'll increase performance. Once again, that would probably be too verbose for agents to Reducing tokens is another great use of skills because you're going to give the agent examples of how to solve the problem and so it will reduce retries which will reduce token consumption.

### 01:05:00

Joffrey Thomas: Okay, so I'm going to give you now three examples of different use cases for skills that we've implemented, benchmarked and published blog posts and tools on. The first one is the most straightforward and that's integration of a skill into the hugging face CLI. These are as I said quite straightforward skills that we've added as files into the CLI so that you can do HF skills add claude or HF skills add codeex and those skill files will be writed into the working directory or into a home directory based on what you choose.

Joffrey Thomas: These add dense versions of documentation with the latest changes and also some techniques and best practices to kind of optimize how your agent uses a CLI. They're also based a lot on experience of some of the errors that we've seen agents making consistently and so I definitely recommend using these whenever they're available in a CLI. We've already added them to kernels. The next usage of skills that I want to share with you is on training LMS. In short, you can prompt a agent with something like fine-tune this model on this data set and the agent will use the skill to validate the data set format which it gets based on examples and also scripts for validating and processing data sets. It will then select the appropriate hardware. It gets a table of hardware based on parameter sizes, but it also gets links to documentation that it can use for that.

Joffrey Thomas: It sets up a track dashboard which is an source equivalent to weights and biases that it uses for tracking metrics during training. It has some track CLI skills also for retrieving certain representations of metrics. It can submit the hugging face job and it has instructions and documentations on that. It will report the job back and estimate the cost based on your budget. And as it's running, it will then check the process, the progress of the job and report that back to you. If the job fails, it can also help you debug that. And it has specific instructions and for debugging. We also benchmarked some code harnesses on this specific skill. We took Claude Code and OpenAI's codeex.

Joffrey Thomas: Claude code used the opus 4.5 model and we tried codecs and without skills first using the five GPT 5.2 codecs without skills and then GPT 5.3 with skills based on the versions of the harness that they released and the most state-of-the-art model at that point in time. It's kind of an interesting example. It's not necessarily apples for apples, but what we can see in the dashed line is that as the token consumption goes up horizontally, the eval score goes up. But at first, the agent hasn't ingested the entire skill into context. It's just treating it like a typical file in its directory.

Joffrey Thomas: Whilst when skills are added to codeex the solid green line you can see that it ingests the skill straight away and beats the baseline score of the model in the first go which is similar to how claude code with opus works and actually opening ice codeex ends up slightly better like I said not exactly apples for apples but an interesting comparison of these two code harnesses on this specific problem. So now I'm just going to walk you through an example where I trained a model using codecs. this is all based on a blog post that we wrote and published last week. So if you want to a guide to go to that blog post. First I had to install the skill. This is different for every code agent. Unfortunately in the blog post I include examples for codeex claude and then a generic solution where you just copy the skill into the directory.

Joffrey Thomas: I would go there and check those out or go to the documentation of the coding agent that you're using. So here you can see in codeex that I have the skill activated and it shows that little icon. Every coding agent has an equivalent of that. I give it a prompt where I tell it to train the LFM model on a specific medical reasoning data set. I also give it some extra instructions just to make sure that it kind of runs the experiment in the way that I want. I tell it to return a new track link and give it a space so that it uses an existing space and doesn't create a new one. For tracko, that's how we track metrics in a training run. I tell it to check on the jobs every minute. That's just a matter of preference. And I tell it to run five jobs on a learning rate sweep. So, okay, it starts off, it uses the skill and says that it authenticates to my hugging face account.

### 01:10:00

Joffrey Thomas: It checks that it's got space. It's going to run five jobs. So, it sets them up on a learning rate suite. It logs in. It makes sure there's an access token. It has to deal with some kind of error there, And then it returns back to me the space where we're going to track the job, the live dashboard URL of the same space, and it also shows that it has a series of runs with hugging face jobs. Let's have a look at those. Okay, we can see that that's a job that's started off. Great. let's go and look at the track link. Now, I'm going to walk through the skill directory so that you can see the context that the agent gets. The main file in the skill is the skill.md.

Joffrey Thomas: This is the homepage to the skill. Basically, it starts with metadata. Here we just have name, description, and license. There are more options. Check out the documentation for that at agentskills.io. The most important field is the description. This is what the agent will get and use to determine whether it should use the skill or not. So, I'd recommend that it's dense and it has a lot of information about what exactly the skill can be. And it doesn't have to be the best pros as long as it lists the specific things that the skill can do. As I said, it's a bit like a homepage that directs out to the other references and it should also be pretty dense and only have the core information. From there, the agent can use the references which should be more verbose and speak about the specific characteristics of one topic.

Joffrey Thomas: So for example here we have the GGUF conversion but we also have hardware reliability principles tracheo guide and these are references that explain the best way to perform each task within the skill. The next directory within the skills directory is the You'll see that we have a set of Python scripts here. For example, this is the train sft.py PI which the agent will use to as a template for its training scripts. Once again, these can be quite dense and they don't necessarily need to be the best code. For example, you'll see this doesn't use arg pass. It doesn't have any script arguments. That's fine because the agent is going to generate a script that it will pass to the interpreter. So, it doesn't need to have arguments and interface with the script like that.

Joffrey Thomas: That said, it can Here we have the unsloth example that we use. It's quite common to have a pairing between references and scripts. So, for example, here we have a references that explains how to train with unsloth and we have a script that shows how to do it. The key is to make sure that they're not duplicated and that the script and the references complement each other. The last thing I want to mention is how we benchmarked these tools. So we used a library called upskill that we wrote and open sourced. You can go and try it out now. Basically it's quite a simple library. It just evaluates a model on a given skill and we can use it to either improve a skill or generate a new skill from scratch using a model.

Joffrey Thomas: And so we took certain tasks like writing CUDA kernels or training LLMs and we asked typically a performant model like Opus 4.6 to generate a skill for that task and also to generate validation criteria and evals for that task and then we gave the same skill to a smaller cheaper even open-source model and asked that model to do the same task and then we evaluated it based on those evals. What we found in many cases that not all models were improving and without skills. Some models in some use cases were actually getting worse or they were staying the same and just using more tokens. So we wrote a blog post on this. You can also go and check that out on the hugging face blog. But if you take these examples, we can see say GPT OSS with the skill for the diffusers task.

### 01:15:00

Joffrey Thomas: it actually decreased in performance and it used more tokens. Some quick takeaways. So, use skills to improve performance. That's where they're best. If a model can already perform a task, a sufficient standard. Don't use skills for rules. In many cases, agents can be better. The hardest problems for a model are perfect for skills. So really pushing the model beyond what it's capable without context and the easiest problems might not need them at all and maybe should just be skipped. If you want to check out all the skills that I've shown you here, go to the GitHub Hugging Face Skills. If you want to try out the LLM training example, go to this blog post on Unslob.

Joffrey Thomas: If you go there, there's a free trial to try out hugging face jobs with unsloth scripts using the same skill maybe a bit of note even if in this presentation he showcasio and close code and so on. This is something that you would have to use weight and gases instead of tra and you can use close code if you want to function model this is not a problem but the model that you have to function has to be last but not least, yeah, meeting recorded. Yes.

Joffrey Thomas: 

Joffrey Thomas: Last but not least, 11 labs shared with you a guides that I I will need to stop sharing and share again. But that hacker guide has all the main information about how you can access the free credits, what kind of supports and so on some tutorials and so So they have already created a page about examples best project that they've seen in last year So I will send that link to you so that you can have a look yourself. but there might be some inspiration and what I wanted al also me to show you is their latest video.

Joffrey Thomas: Again, we'll have to share that tab specifically. Hey I'm Jennifer with 11 Airlines and how can I help you today? Jennifer, my flight just got cancelled and I'm stuck here in Orlando. At this rate, I'm going to be missing my daughter's birthday. This is ridiculous. Yeah, I hear you and I'm so sorry about that. Let's figure out what's going on. Okay. could you please tell me which flight this is flight MD412. Great.

Joffrey Thomas: Just pulling that up Yeah, I see it. Three cancellations on one trip. that's not the experience you should be having. I'm going to fix this. Let me just see what I've got. realistically, what kind of options do you have for me? Okay, so here's where we're at. I can book you on the same flight route tonight, but I'm going to be honest with That route's been a mess all week and I wouldn't trust it. Yeah. Not for something like this. The other option is I reroute you through Charlotte first thing tomorrow morning. You'd land by noon. It's a longer day, but you're getting home. Just give me the one that's actually going to get me there. We'll do. And yeah, again, I'm so sorry and completely get the frustration. But yeah, I think we can figure this out for you.

Joffrey Thomas: Okay, just locking that in for you. And by the way, we're going to wave any change fees for you, obviously. And then one more thing. Could you please read back the full reservation number for me? I need to write this down. So, can you do it slowly? Yeah, of course. Give me just a sec. So, your reservation number is T X C 418 9 0 0 0 537\. Let me know if you got that. And thank you so much for your help. You're like, I've been yelling at people for just two hours straight, and you're the first person that's been able to actually help me. Hey, no worries at all.

### 01:20:00

Joffrey Thomas: And yeah, one more thing. I'm going to go ahead and add lounge access to your pass for tonight. You've been stuck in Orlando for 2 days. The least we can do is get you out of plastic chair, right? And I bumped you to window seat in business class so you can get some actual sleep on the way home. thank I appreciate that, Jennifer. You've been a huge help. Hey, you're getting home. That's what matters. Your daughter is going to have her dad there. Just a little late, that's all.

Antoine Nguyen: Hey, Joffrey, I think you're muted.

Joffrey Thomas: Again, with that last video, we are now at the end. So, I can wish you the best of luck for your presentation. Wish to see you on Saturday. again, if at any point that you won't be able to end, please update your status on Luma so that we can enable more people to join instead. they will be available to be shared that prehack recording with all the rules beforehand. And so with that being said, if you have any question, I can stay a little bit more to answer those or we can call it a day and finish early. I will be the sleeping situation as any other hackathon.

Joffrey Thomas: It's going to be complicated. So, it's more of a nap than a real sleeping situation. so as always, if you have a way to go back home, it's always better for your health. there's going to be couches and things like that depending on the venue where you will be able to rest. But for maximum sleep, if you can go back home, it's always better. The venue will be open. Is it maximum team of four or five? This is four. and not five I think it might be stated five, but it's just four.

Joffrey Thomas: Some of you are having issues joining the discord. So maybe I can share. So whenever you click on the link that I provided, you end up normally in The info tab is saying if you feel free to select your location and give you access to which set of channels. So by reacting to certain city you get access to it. So here I have access to the general ones also to the Paris because I react to Paris but instead I will be in Tokyo. So let me react to Tokyo and it may take a bit of time to update but I will get access then the Tokyo location.

Joffrey Thomas: And if you are having general question feel free to post them here directly. it seems that there's a bug at the moment we had many people joining the server today. So it's possible that it take a little bit of time to process your reaction. I didn't get the tag on Discord. If my teammate haven't gotten the confirmation email yet, no. basically they are not in.

Joffrey Thomas: So feel free to either find other teammates say that you won't be joining on Luma and so that we can accept someone else. So normally if you are joining might be a problem because there's a lot of people but normally whenever you are joining with that link you get directly the hackathon role which means that you are added to the pipeline as a hackathon participants.

### 01:25:00

Joffrey Thomas: The other way that you can get it otherwise if you find and search theon access access channel and you can also interact with that with that reaction on the computer and then you get access to hackathon roles and that's very specific hackathon ro which we give you access to those other tabs So the United can try. Okay, then I think we're good to thank you so much. we'll see you on Saturday and wish you the best of luck.

Joffrey Thomas: start thinking about your ID and if you want to do some fine tuning, you can start working on the data set. There's no worries. Awesome. Thanks everyone. Have a great evening.

### Meeting ended after 01:44:57 👋

*This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.*


